#summary Experimental server-side tie-ins.

==Server-side Integration==

The Enhance.js dev branch includes a PHP-based server-side examples which can be used to integrate the library on the server-side your website for performance gains. _Note that these files are not in active development, but can be extended to work well in most implementations_ These files will detect whether a user has run your tests before and either:
 a. serve a pre-enhanced page for those who have passed
 b. serve a lightweight basic page for those who have failed
 c. serve the page normally, with basic assets and a call to enhance to load enhancements upon passing.
 
 
To integrate, you can find the following files in the enhance/server/ folder:
- config.php: Custom Configuration - change the settings to your needs
- fallback.php: Include this file at the end of your body element.
- head.php: Include this file in your head element.


PHP includes require a PHP-enabled server, and look like this:
{{{
	<? include("/enhance/server/head.php"); ?>
}}}
config.php has variables for each of the options found in the JavaScript version of enhance.js.
Just fill them out with values as you would for the options documented above, and include the 2 other php
files where specified, and that's it!

		
Footer link considerations:
The footer include adds a link similar to that of the JavaScript library, with an ID of your testName plus "_fallback_link".
We suggest removing this with your enhanced JavaScript file, like this:
{{{
	var phpFallbackLink = document.getElementById('enhanced_fallback_link');
	document.removeChild(phpFallbackLink);
}}}		
	
	
	
	
Example page:
{{{
	<html>
		<head>
			<title></title>
			<? include("/enhance/server/head.php"); ?>
		</head>
		<body>
			<!-- page content -->
			<? include("/enhance/server/footer.php"); ?>
		</body>
	</html>
}}}	